feat: always write manifest to disk (#4074)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/ssr.mdx

Now, you can run the `npm run dev` command to start the dev server with SSR rendering function, and visit `http://localhost:3000/` to see that the SSR content has been rendered to the HTML page.

## Get Manifest

By default, scripts and links associated with the current page are automatically inserted into the HTML template. At this time, the compiled HTML template content can be obtained through [getTransformedHtml](/guide/advanced/environments#environment-api).

> If your HTML template is provided by the server, you need to inject the web output files into the HTML template. Output manifests can be easily obtained using the [output.manifest](/config/output/manifest) configuration. You can refer to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to dynamically generate HTML on the server side, you'll need to inject the URLs of JavaScript and CSS assets into the HTML. By configuring [output.manifest](/config/output/manifest), you can easily obtain the manifest information of these assets. Here's an example:
```

```ts title=rsbuild.config.ts
export default {
  output: {
    manifest: true,
  },
};
```

```ts title=server.ts
function renderHtmlPage(): string {
  const { entries } = JSON.parse(

>     fs.readFileSync('./dist/manifest.json', 'utf-8'),

Reviewer: can we use `fs.promises`

  );

  const { js, css } = entries['index'].initial;

  const scriptTags = js

>     .map((file) => `<script src="${file}" defer></script>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .map((url) => `<script src="${url}" defer></script>`)
```
